Update pages around usage (#4787)
Qiskit/documentation: docs/guides/minimize-time.mdx

---
title: Minimize job run time
description: How to minimize the amount of usage spent processing and running a job.

---

# Minimize job run time

There are several ways you can limit the amount of time spent processing and running a job:

> - Run only as many shots as you need: The QPU consumption a job uses (and therefore, its cost) scales with the number of shots. Therefore, you can manage your cost by running only as many shots as you need. For Estimator jobs, lower precision typically requires more shots and therefore a longer execution time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run only as many shots as you need: A job's QPU consumption (and therefore, its cost) scales with the number of shots. Therefore, you can manage your cost by running only as many shots as you need. For Estimator jobs, lower precision typically requires more shots and therefore a longer execution time.
```
